hi my name is Maria and jewelry designer
I'm Italian I've been in this country
for the first 23 years and then two
years ago I decide to start making
jewelry
this is I nod compassion look the work
on this dropping and you know what you
know what my tools are I just to make
this I'll just tucked it deliver man I
make this out of the wire one stone and
toothpick well I wanna show you
something else I want to show you this
beautiful piece of face cut crystal look
at the color the fire and the crystal
and thus necklace and I wanted to show
you the space cut crystal necklace 16
inches snipers and it's beautiful there
it's very unique like any of my pieces
look at the core put the fire on the
glass and as crystal different color of
large beads and then it's got clear
crystal spacers in between and the big
stones they're wrapped in silver platter
filigree 12 now the poor necklace see
all the stuff will be au for this month
so the I don't know who the person the
lucky person is going to be able to get
it but the person who gets it will be
the only one to have it that's for sure
i guarantee you that's how pearls
and I have high schools which is no no
gasps I painted look the quality of this
thumb I have a beautiful pair of Murano
earrings and all my my necklace they
have a matching earrings so I don't make
a mess asset I do not the cell as I said
but I do have matching earrings for
inner peace look at those earrings this
is the Nisshin class and lampwork
hand-painted beads something really
different so please before you buy you
jewelry make sure you check my website
www de Holly the road jewelry com thanks
hope to hear from you soon bye
you